This is a head gum original.
Thank you to Diet Smoke for sponsoring this episode of our show guys you know what people
often aren't happy with with specific regards to edibles.
Sometimes you get way too high.
I mean it can really be difficult to control the dose and there's nothing worse than being
baked out of your mind when you didn't plan on it.
And you know once you eat it there's no going back.
You just sit there suffering stoned out of your mind.
That's why when you need the perfect medium high, you got to hit up your friends at
Diet Smoke for their delicious Delta 8 THC gummies.
So what exactly is Delta 8?
Well Delta 8 is simply a less potent THC.
The THC that you're probably most familiar with is Delta 9 and while both are natural
to the cannabis plant, Diet Smoke extracts their Delta 8 from hemp.
When they call this a loophole, I call it the secret recipe to getting a smooth
stable and most importantly, legal high.
Now Diet Smoke is legal in most states and it's non-prescription.
Just check Diet Smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state.
Now if you're asking yourself to diet smoke really get you high, of course.
The high you get with Diet Smoke is best described as somewhere in between the chillness
of CBD and that classic stoned feeling you get from regular weed.
Diet Smoke isn't light, it's just right.
Plus Diet Smoke comes in two delicious flavors, blue raspberry and watermelon.
Now some people like blue raspberry, but I think Marieka's favorite is watermelon.
I say try them both.
Each gummy is infused with 10 milligrams of Delta 8 THC derived from American
grown hemp and you know what they say by American and get high with American.
Also Diet Smoke's Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar, fat free, and delicious.
And did I mention that her legal so in CBD isn't enough in traditional THC is too much
and enjoy the smooth buzz of Diet Smoke.
Go to dietSmoke.com and use promo code SAM, SAM for 20% off your order.
That's DietSmoke.com promo code SAM for 20% off and as a special offer, DietSmoke's coupon
code can be used on every order.
DietSmoke's Delta THC gummies are not for use or sale.
To be able to under 21, please use it responsibly.
Thanks DietSmoke.
We need to get some sort of animation for that.
What we need is higher production value.
This show makes so much money and you guys don't ever throw anything.
I'm sorry to get started off so angry, but Mike is selling ads out the Wazooies working
as hard as he fucking can.
Jake is at the helm.
He's fucking capped and in the ship to freedom and glory and Marieka, what are you doing?
What are you doing to help the show?
For the past two weeks, I've been doing your job of uploading it.
Get on that.
Up, go, Bob, I'll pass on it.
Let's get into it.
Jake, you got COVID.
Yep.
You recounted on a fire at you before we started recording that you were attacked by an orthodontist.
Yes, I was a costed by a dentist.
My dental surgeon.
Yeah.
I don't want to repeat the story for everybody that's already heard it on the fire
of you, but let's just say I was kept awake through a very torturous wisdom teeth
extraction.
We're in, they saw it and cracked my teeth in half and pulled them out piecemeal.
Yes.
Did that for both teeth?
Yes, top and bottom.
They basically left me for dead.
Is that a method?
Is that like a known dental surgery method?
It seemed like it is, but it's a last ditch effort.
Yeah.
After the top one, she asked if I wanted to leave.
She was like, you don't have to do the second one because she knew how bad it was.
But at that point, you wanted to give them COVID.
Yeah, exactly.
My retaliation.
Maria, any new hobbies?
I can hear my notes for once.
I've been putting a talking points in here.
We just knocked out Jake's wisdom teeth and like he said, I don't want to rehash it too much
because we almost 100% overlap between the show and his show.
Let's talk about your hobbies.
Sure.
I don't know.
I think some of my hobbies have had to take a pause because of COVID.
Last week.
Yeah.
But I did finally go side to see a musical that was closing.
I didn't think for me.
In the theater.
I saw flying over sunset, which was a musical about a bunch of old Hollywood people doing LSD.
So it's cool.
Yeah.
Other than that, I don't know.
I really want to go back to doing archery.
But I'm like too scared to go.
Go there right now.
I guess I could.
I don't think that's like the worst place to go.
Yeah.
That seems like there's lots of space because you have to fire arrows along distance.
It's not a resort.
It's outside.
Well, I mean, the good news for you.
And I think that we can, you know, people are hearing it here first.
You know, who often gives their recommendations for COVID, the CDC.
Now the headgump podcast is doing it.
We can officially announce that COVID-19 is endemic.
Nice.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
That's huge.
This is amazing.
Oh.
That means it's, it's ending.
It's over.
So what it means is that it's going to, we're going to live with it.
Right.
So the flu is the same flu as the Spanish flu, it just evolves.
And we live with it.
People die of it.
Yeah.
Six figures, the numbers in the six figures of people who died from flu every year.
That'll probably continue with COVID.
But we're going to live with it.
We're not going to live in fear of it.
And I'm so happy that we get to be the ones to break the news.
That's what we'll be right.
Yeah.
What's that?
We shouldn't be right.
We shouldn't be happy that it's endemic.
We shouldn't be breaking the news.
Or we shouldn't even claiming to break any news ever.
Great.
Okay.
I see that point also.
Mm-hmm.
But at the same time, I don't like to.
Because like, where did you?
I don't want to read on Jeff's parade.
It feels like I'm okay with breaking news as long as it's like really positive.
Yeah.
Like that's awesome to hear.
And it feels good for me to know that.
And you're going to love this.
I love the next piece of news that we're going to break.
Right.
Single pair universal healthcare is here.
No way to stay.
To stay.
It's called James Care.
No shit.
Yeah.
How did we?
Are we breaking that news?
We're breaking.
Are you passing a healthcare?
Like Bill.
Or there's no Bill.
Not even on the horizon or in the Senate.
But we can still break news.
Like you can break news and crack-wise.
And it doesn't have to all be real.
So we're.
It's break.
I think that now's.
Uh, I don't like calling it that.
Mm-hmm.
Phone news.
Phone news is really good.
Sort of like faux leather.
Yeah.
It's a little easier to say.
And it's here.
Truly.
It's a medically soft news.
Yeah.
No news.
No news is phone news.
No.
I guess we should get this out of the way too.
He's not here.
But it isn't news birthday.
Let's move on.
Nice.
Micah.
What's new with you?
Are you excited?
You told me that you're taking an all-inclusive trip to Jamaica.
Yeah.
Sure.
And are you excited about that?
Yeah.
First weekend in February?
It's uh, no.
Not the first one.
Okay.
Second?
Uh, yeah.
So that's a later weekend of February.
But is it second?
What's new at down?
How do you need to know this?
Yeah.
Can I ask what all inclusive means?
Um, everything is paid for.
Right.
Yeah.
It's easy.
Meals.
While you're at the resort, like poolside service, drinks.
God.
Everything.
You just say your room number.
It's all included in the bill.
It's like club med.
You guys ever go to club med?
No.
It's an all-inclusive resort.
Hmm.
More of a sandals family.
Yeah.
Never.
Never went on a family vacation.
Yeah.
I also actually have a business.
We're dropping bombs left family right.
Then center.
Maybe you could go on.
Um, Micah's family vacation.
Rika.
I'll be cool.
Do you have room for one more?
Sure.
Or I can replace anyone.
You even.
Happy one.
Oh, I love.
Rika and live.
Going.
Oh, my God.
Going on.
But also Dutch.
Dutch and Amsterdam.
Ah, yeah.
I went with Blumenfeld.
And you split the bill.
And they arrested him piece.
And we split the bill.
Yeah.
I thought he was born in 1982.
So I thought this was 40.
Judd, up a test dial.
Hmm.
Oh, he's 39.
He's 39.
Like, that's like kind of the worst age.
Yeah.
I would agree.
Because you're like, I wouldn't say 39 is still your 30s.
But it's not, I mean, it's not your 40s.
You're not over the hill.
You don't get to really celebrate.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
I close it up to 40 to realize that 39 is actually a good birthday.
It feels like, oh, wow.
We got one more year to live it up.
Because when you're 40, it's so.
There's no turning back.
Yeah.
You're basically dead.
Um.
Yeah.
Mike, are you 29?
28.
And Marie, are you 27?
Mm-hmm.
I'm 24.
And I'm 29.
36.
Well.
Mm-hmm.
36 is a good birthday.
Yeah.
Well, it already happened.
So fucking, so thanks.
But I don't have a 36 birthday anymore.
I have a 37th birthday now.
37th birthday too.
37th birthday.
I'd say they're like, you're equally gay.
Maybe.
Cause I have no idea how much I needed to hear that today.
God.
I was going to double down on the 29th thing.
Yeah.
No, I have the confidence to say I'm actually 43.
What's the best age to start lying about your birthday?
Ooh.
I guess 33.
Cause I think you should be 33 for two to three years.
I could see that.
Yeah.
It feels like not quite to 35, which is like too old to be lying.
But you could start at 35 too and just be there.
I feel like when you lie, you just have to say you're the same age for a few years in a row.
Yeah.
But you have to play it off like you don't remember.
And I actually sometimes I think I'm 37.
Jill will sometimes remind me that I'm younger, which is nice.
That's an old person thing of like, babe, like how old am I?
Am I 30?
Yeah.
Or am I 35?
And then they'll be like exhausted from the like the other room.
You're 34.
Thanks.
Things are bad.
Do that old one.
You put some art up.
Yeah.
Is it cricketer?
Is the laptop.
Probably the laptop.
I would imagine, right?
Yeah.
I'm sort of a master at photographic perspective, making things look different sizes.
That's not really neat.
You could be a master at it.
No.
What's the mastery involved there?
So there's this Etsy store and I can send you guys the link.
But basically it sends quarters that are instead of like, you know, 0.75 inches
and whatever the quarter is, it's like four inches.
And it's a big quarter.
Yeah.
And so I can like hold the quarter and then it looks like my hands are tiny.
Is anyone do that?
So how are you a master if you buy that in an Etsy shop?
Because I know it sounds like that person is a master.
That they're the master at making coins look big, but I'm the master of like,
holy shit.
I got the iPhone 12 mini mini because it's next to the quarter.
That's the master of making your hands look small.
Yeah.
And then I'll accidentally send like a dick pick and it's like the quarter was in the corner
and I'm like, shit, shit.
How do you unsend an SMS and you can't?
So I've garnered the nickname tiny cock James.
That's been so long.
I didn't say it was a short hand.
I just said it was a nickname.
Honest Abe is at the same amount of syllables as Abe Lincoln.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Great.
My friend isn't on TikTok and I told them about the she thing.
And it was in a car full of other people who all know about it and don't want to hear me explain it.
But now that person's really excited about she.
It's renewed my energy.
Is this on your list of things to wax?
No.
All I had was a music birthday.
Jake's wisdom teeth and Marika's hobbies.
All right.
So we were like, let's gloss over as quickly as possible.
So this is music birthday.
It has to be acknowledged.
Let's move on.
That was in the wax.
I don't want to give him this do.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I mean, I think we all did a good job at trying to avoid that today.
The company slack.
Let me just read the transcript here for a spell.
Um.
Marika said it's it's Sam's birthday.
Same shackle.
It had gum.
Uh, happy belated birthday to Sam shackle.
Uh, I believe it's the only birthday we're celebrating today.
And then I said have a hard day.
You know, we'll just.
We'll make the episode description.
The transcript.
We won't.
Mike, are you doing other work?
Uh, I was reviewing the slack.
Messages that you're discussing.
Um, because if you need to do my work cover, Mike, that's.
Is this is this a waxing episode or do you have segments planned?
Because if it's a waxing episode, we need.
I want that warning ahead of time.
That's.
So you can decline.
Yeah.
Like I usually do worn up top after the first part of the wax goes poor.
I'll be like, yeah, this is all I have planned.
I have other segments planned.
Uh.
Why do we have to think of the waxing girls?
Everything turned into a wax.
It's all.
The podcast is a full wax.
Even a question to you.
I think I think for our next live show, we should hire a.
God, what do they call it?
Anesthetician.
Um, to literally wax us on stage as we wax.
Hmm.
Whether it's a eyebrow threading.
Whether it's truly the ring around the rosy.
If you know what I'm saying.
No.
Haha.
You're saying you said it wasn't waxing.
I brought threading.
Fine.
It's its own fucking thing.
Pulling teeth.
Pulling hair.
Waxing eyes.
Let's just.
I had a thing.
That's good.
Yeah.
Pulling teeth.
Because waxing with you is like pulling teeth.
Kind of interesting.
What was the thing you wanted to talk about to you?
Um, I did think about it and then forget it.
Maybe think I have some lingering brain fog.
You had COVID.
Do you have symptoms still?
Are you good?
Um, no.
I don't really have symptoms.
I guess maybe I'm like, it feels like my.
I feel slightly congested.
But it's because I'm not allowed to blow my nose from the wisdom teeth.
Oh.
So I think it could just be that.
That's horrible.
Yeah.
You're not allowed to blow your nose.
Not when your wisdom teeth were as deep as mine.
They made holes in my Sinai.
So.
Mount Sinai.
Yeah.
My.
My Sinai is.
They're.
They're whole.
So if I.
If I blow my nose too hard a little like blow through my.
Stitches in the blood clots.
Oh.
Good.
That's horrible.
I've heard of stories about that.
Yeah.
And this is all stuff they warn you about like as you're about like.
If they told me all the stuff before the appointment.
I would have been like, you know what?
My wisdom teeth are fine.
Um.
But instead they tell you kind of like after it's all over.
They're like, all right.
Here.
Only chew on the side of your mouth.
Don't blow your nose.
What?
That's a drink.
They're a straw.
Right.
That's one.
Yeah.
No.
I don't wonder when that's allowed to like when that runs up.
Maybe seven to ten days.
I had a.
I drank from a straw this morning.
So.
But it's been eight days.
So I feel like it's fine.
This is the most normal conversation that we've had.
And Jeff has just left the room.
Wow.
Where is Jeff?
I see the reflection of his.
The ceiling.
Yeah.
He sent his like friends apartment.
That's really nice.
Yeah.
Pretty jealous.
Those beams.
Yeah.
I like those pants, Jeff.
I like that shirt too.
Yeah.
It's a good shirt.
I went to say wars for the first time.
Sort of my new Valhalla.
Where's the bars?
Upper West Side, which is also my new found holy land.
Really?
Why?
Yeah.
Explain, please.
It's fucking gorgeous up there.
I mean, I.
Yeah.
I went to Zay bars.
And I went to the natural history museum to see an exhibit on sharks.
And I was so ready to do a.
The bit that I was ready to do was that the Upper West Side is a horrible place.
And boring.
And then I literally stepped up.
The bit you were ready to do.
I went there to hate it.
Yeah.
And then I stepped out of the subway.
I think I took the one.
Whatever the red one is.
And I walk up the stairs.
And I'm like.
This.
This is for me.
No shit.
I love that.
But streets.
Where'd you go?
I was on 80th and second.
No.
80th and eight.
I don't know.
Central Park West to Zay bars.
I just went.
I just went to 80th part.
I went to get to Abern.
Where they serve spaghetti in bags that are very
to particular.
And I don't know why they do that.
I don't know if it's to make like cleaning up the
bowls cleaner and easier.
But that it was a weird day.
But I can't.
It was.
They also have a bunch of coffee shops and restaurants that are like.
In the garden apartments of town homes.
And I think that's amazing.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's really nice.
It is nice up there.
The architecture.
Consider.
Would you consider living up there?
I feel like.
I mean, well depends because we've been talking about maybe
moving our office in New York to Manhattan.
So maybe if that happened.
But like all my friends live in.
Around here.
I probably still.
Brooklyn.
But you know, maybe when I'm a dad.
Yeah.
Because it's.
They're part of Manhattan that are relatively affordable.
I mean, like, it's probably as affordable as Williamsburg.
I mean, for sure.
Yeah.
I feel like it's probably same price.
Friends that live on the upper west side.
Yeah.
My shirt was eight dollars.
That's a steal.
We're talking about rents though.
Yeah.
No, I'm just saying like.
That's this shirt and Williamsburg would have been like 40.
Yeah.
That's eight bucks is a very.
Inexpensive shirt.
Yeah.
Also, I feel like just.
I don't you have to live around your friends.
What?
Spoiler alert.
You can live wherever you want and meet up with them.
Pretty easily.
LA scarred me in that specific regard of like if you don't live.
Like my friends who live in Santa Monica.
I don't see them.
I never will.
Yeah.
It isn't the same way though.
I don't think I see people that I don't live near.
Hey, that's what everybody's saying.
Michael so often is.
Yeah.
I think it is kind of a Brooklyn because like Queens like I.
I want to leave all the time.
Like Queens is good.
But it's like not if depending on what area and like you need to.
Well, I think it's hard to get anywhere.
Yeah.
I guess there's really the G gets you to other parts of Manhattan or other parts of Brooklyn and Queens.
Maybe it's fine.
It's not that hard.
Nothing's hard.
But everything's hard.
It's all too much, you know.
I have pretty close access to the G the L and the J and the M.
Yeah.
You're in a good spot.
Very nice location.
Um.
It's also Michelle Obama's birthday.
That's interesting.
Was it?
It is today.
It was yesterday.
It's either today or yesterday.
But I bring it up because she's actually my pick for bond of the week.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
That's really going to back fast and hitting stuff.
It was yesterday.
But do you know what's strange?
A strange little parallel.
I never know.
New before.
My birthday is the day after Barack Obama.
Right.
That's why you and Amir work so well together.
We both one day off from an Obama.
Are you Barack and he's Michelle?
That's basically being married.
Yeah.
I agree.
I'm Barack and he's Michelle.
What do you mean are you Barack and do you mean like in the relationship?
In the relationship and also maybe personality-wise.
Because that actually say that you're Michelle.
Yeah.
I mean that is a Michelle.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Because Michelle is like beloved by everybody.
So it's Barack though.
In a way.
I think they're both loved equally by the same people.
And he did pretty good.
One time I went to Zebul on an LA.
The night after the Obama sisters had been there.
And everybody, because people, at least over the summer,
everybody was going to Zebul on on Friday and Saturday.
And my friends were like, yeah, like Malia was right there.
Like she was dancing.
Like I was like, was there secret service?
And they were like, not that we could see.
But I do fear being within a 20 foot radius of a secret service agent.
Because I think that I'm usually the sketchiest person in the joint.
Yeah.
Because we're usually wearing some sort of like tasseled jacket.
Like slightly overcompensating because you know they're there.
Yeah.
Trying to like befriended them.
So they don't think I'm weird.
But then you're doing so.
They think I'm suspicious.
Somebody did post a really funny back to back quote on the headgum podcast.
Reddit.
I do want to try and find it.
If I can't, that's fine.
Here it is.
Okay.
Two great minds.
And it's a John letting quote that says,
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
And then I quote for me that I from last week's episode.
I don't want to be without rice.
But to be rice, that'd be nice.
Like that's already worthy of like a 10 year sentence.
God.
And I don't even be in prison.
I mean, a run-on.
We have to take a break.
Good.
Thank you to better help for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, is something interfering with your goals
or preventing you from achieving happiness?
Well, better help is here to help.
Because better help will assess your needs and match you with your own licensed professional
therapist.
You can connect in a safe and private online environment that's so convenient.
You can start communicating in under 48 hours.
And it's not a crisis line.
It's not self-help.
It's professional counseling done securely online.
You can send a message to your counselor at any time.
And you'll get timely and thoughtful responses.
Plus, you can schedule weekly video or phone sessions.
All without ever having to sit in an uncomfortable waiting room.
Better help is committed to facilitating great therapeutic matches.
So they make it easy and free to change counselors if necessary.
It's also more affordable than traditional offline counseling and financial aid is available.
The service is available for clients worldwide,
meaning you can find the particular expertise that you need online
without limiting yourself to the counselors located physically near you.
Plus, anything you share is again, completely confidential.
It's convenient, professional, affordable.
And you can check out the testimonials posted on their site daily.
We want you at headgum to start living a happier life today.
And as a listener of the headgum podcast,
you get 10% off your first month by visiting our sponsor at betterhelp.com slash.
What's that?
Join over 1 million people who have taken charge of their mental health.
Again, that's better help, HELP.com slash.
What's that?
Thanks, better help.
Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show.
I started taking athletic greens and I feel superhuman.
I mean, I really do.
I know that I'm getting all the nutrients that I need in just one morning shake.
So what is this stuff?
What with one delicious scoop of athletic greens?
You're getting over 75 high quality vitamins,
minerals, whole food sourced, superfoods,
probiotics, adaptogens, and more to help start your day right.
The special blend of ingredients supports your gut health,
your nervous system, your immune system, your energy, your recovery,
focus, and aging, all the things.
I personally take my athletic greens the morning.
I take it first thing in the morning, then I have my coffee.
And my day is just jet setting, right?
Because I'm sort of a jet setter and a trend setter.
So hopefully you follow the trend by trying athletic greens.
It helps with my energy.
It helps me feel a boost in the morning.
Feel like I have the nutrients coursing through my veins.
And I would say that the taste is milder than you might think
from a green juice smoothie product, et cetera.
I'm starting to get my family into it.
I haven't tried it yet, but I did send them some.
And I don't know.
I'm somebody who doesn't always have probably enough vegetables.
I'm sure there's a lot of you like me out there.
So why not try athletic greens?
You know, get all the nutrients and vitamins that you need in one drink.
Now, a lot of people take a multivitamin.
And, you know, that can be helpful in some ways.
But it's harder for your body to absorb the nutrients and the vitamins that
needs just from a pill.
Athletic greens is blend.
Aegee one is a small micro had it with big benefits.
And it's one thing that you can do for yourself every single day
to support your health.
Also, your subscription to athletic greens comes with a year's supply of vitamin D,
which is incredibly important to add in, especially in these winter months
when we don't get as much sunlight.
So, right now, it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system
with convenient daily nutrition, especially heading into cold and flu season.
It's just one scoop of in a couple of water every day.
That's it.
No need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health.
And to make it easy, athletic greens is going to give you one free year of supply
of immune supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
All you have to do is visit athletic greens.com slash.
What's that?
Again, that's athletic greens.com slash.
What's that to take ownership over your health and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance?
Thanks athletic greens.
Welcome to Maria Drew.
Carriedition.
Maria or Drew?
Do you mean Maria?
Mariah's.
I forgot then the H and then I read it.
But as it was on the page,
Mariah or Drew, carry you.
Oh, my God.
Maria, carry you.
That's like a,
Jake, that video of Carlos Sine saying,
Mariah, carry everybody's assistant.
Mariah, carry her something like that.
I don't know.
Wait, did you send it to me?
No, I'll send it to you.
Yeah.
Does it do the party just say to us?
Carry.
These are going to be quotes from American's two favorite carries.
Mariah and Drew.
And you guys are going to tribute them to one of the other.
Does that make sense?
Of course.
So like you wouldn't have come if we were just going to wax,
but you would have been fine coming if you knew it was going to be a segment like Maria
Drew.
Last time we were talking about getting railed on a toilet.
Who?
Who was?
So do you think.
Rika, you have to tone it down.
There are some comments that I agreed with on the video last week.
Maria killed it last week.
Yeah, I crushed it.
Yeah.
Well.
All right. Are you guys ready?
Yeah.
There is a light at the end of the tunnel.
Hopefully it's not a freight train.
Drew Gary.
Yeah.
I would have three.
Hang on.
No way.
That was Mariah.
When?
That I'd really clever.
They don't have years.
That's really clever.
Doesn't.
The year doesn't matter.
What?
Like why does she come in?
Yeah.
There's no context either.
I got these all from Braini quote.
There's no way I can justify my salary level.
But I'm learning to live with it.
Drew Kerry.
Correct.
Your price is right.
Yeah.
In finding these quotes,
I found out that Drew Kerry,
who I used to claim,
because he's a big Clevelander and has like,
always gone back into the ground.
He's like a really outspoken libertarian.
Hmm.
I can see that.
I got the glasses for it.
Yeah.
But like supported Ron Paul and Gary Johnson.
I don't know.
I appreciate that you.
Whatever.
I'm not going to get into it.
Yeah.
Time is irrelevant to me.
I never wear a watch.
Mariah.
Yeah.
Correct.
You didn't say what this is for.
Is it cash?
Is it what?
Um,
I stopped doing the cash thing because of the tax stuff.
That really scared me kind of.
It made me wise too.
Well, it's not actually a thing.
As we, as we were told multiple times on our one viral check talk,
that was just misinformation.
Uh, was, what was the misinformation?
I don't think I knew anything about this.
We were talking about how Venmo started our,
like, this year is starting to charge tax.
Or like you, you will be taxed for like any.
Good.
I mean, it's just exchange through it.
But it's only for like,
when you claim that it is for a good service.
So it's not like for exchanging money back and forth between friends.
Thank God.
That makes sense.
Thank actual God.
Um.
Yeah.
Then this is for cash.
Very right answer.
$100 to you.
$100 owed to me for every wrong answer.
So far, I bought $200.
Uh, and so is Jake.
Here we go.
My heart has never been broken and I've never broken anyone else's.
It has to be true.
Yeah.
Wow.
Right.
There's so many songs about her having a broken heart.
I know.
Also, that's an insane thing to just assume.
She has a song called Heartbreaker.
It's heartbreaker.
You got the best of me.
She's like, yeah, this was written by a team of eight songwriters on Melrose.
Wow.
In an office that would rival a CPA's office in any middle Americans metherpol.
I'm not vain.
I'm insecure.
Wait, that's quote.
That's the quote.
When, when did the quote start?
When did you stop talking?
Everything I've said since the game started has been me.
Except for the quotes.
Anyways, repeat the quote.
Sorry.
I'm not a fan.
I can't stop looking at it.
I mean, this shade of orange just calls to me.
It's really nice.
I'm a little myth that if it was only a bucks, you didn't get me one.
Because I feel like you look at that shirt.
You know that I was like that.
Here's the thing.
I'll be at Zabars within the next seven days.
Guarantee.
What are you doing there?
I'm doing that.
Another shirt.
What is Zabars?
Zabars is going to be a gourmet grosser for the road slash ages and the road being 80th street.
In all of all places, the upper west side of Manhattan.
Yeah.
I can't make a mecca.
It's perfect.
The quote was Mariah Carey.
Correct.
Checks up $300.
I'm up $300 mostly from whatever you guys can split it.
Now, that is one of the most conservative states in the union.
But you can do what you want in Vegas and nobody judges you.
Drew Carey.
Correct.
I wish I shouldn't have said the libertarian.
Getting cash for a game would.
That's not money being exchanged from friends.
It is technically income.
Then we should.
That's a winball.
So I would be paying income tax.
You would have no tax burden.
You might be able to claim it as a loss since you actually.
It's a right off because it's a charitable donation.
Because there's sort of less fortunate.
That's.
I actually think you could say that this is your job and and you know,
paying people is is an aspect of the job.
So it's it's a loss.
You don't have to call me a charity case.
And I reset that.
And I will be paying income tax on this cash, which is why I intend to keep it this time.
I usually.
I'm not a libertarian.
I believe in the government.
And I will be paying my fair share of taxes.
I will be reporting this income.
I'll be filling out a 1099, which actually means you will be hearing from the IRS.
Fuck.
I'm very hard on myself.
And I have too many issues.
That one was.
Drew is just sitting on himself.
No, that wasn't a quote.
Oh, I see.
Mariah might have already said that.
But I'm saying it now.
So that's going to be cash.
Here we go.
Butterflies are always following me wherever I go.
Right.
Correct.
That one I threw in there because I'm getting a butterfly tattoo after this.
Really?
Somewhere.
Yeah.
You know where?
Yep.
No, it's called somewhere.
All right.
Well, that was that was that game.
Oh my god.
Did you see the tattoo with $400?
Are you just at Jake Hurwitz?
Yeah.
Can we see the tattoo?
Hang on.
Can you confirm that that came through?
One second.
Oh, I'm Jay Hurwitz.
What did you say?
I said, Jay Hurwitz.
Cancel cancel cancel.
All right.
This is fucked up.
Yeah.
Didn't get anything.
Jay.
Are you kidding me?
I'm Jay Hurwitz.
Okay.
I got it.
Yeah.
I hate doing this.
These are the inspiration photos.
But in black ink.
Yeah.
You're getting a butterfly?
Do you realize that I have a butterfly tattoo, right?
Are you kidding me?
That's an apple.
That's a butterfly.
Did you not know I have a butterfly tattoo?
I think we talked about it as, yeah,
because that looks familiar.
Whatever.
This is completely different.
This is the square placement.
Left try.
Why?
Why, Seth?
It's not completely different.
They look pretty similar.
I don't like to cure that in hour before I have the appointment.
It's today.
It's in an hour.
It's somewhere.
Well.
Can I, like, why, why a butterfly?
Um, I don't know.
I think it looks cool.
Uh, if you want me to describe meaning to it.
It's constant reinvention.
Personal transfer.
I didn't want you.
I don't want to be a retiree who's arguing with his niece.
Well, now you're going to be a retiree with a butterfly tattoo.
I'll tell you something about the butterfly tattoo.
Yeah.
I got my butterfly tattoo for what I believed to be a very valid reason when I was 18.
And it doesn't matter your reason for getting the tattoo.
It always leaves eventually and you'll have the tattoo.
So it's, uh, I commend you for having no reason except for her.
I agree.
I don't, that's the move.
Yeah.
You don't want to have a reason for a tattoo.
I don't need a reason for a butterfly tattoo.
Specifically.
I was like, where is there something maybe?
I think butterflies are pretty.
Wow.
The reason you need.
Let me finish pretty off.
They're actually pretty fucking.
I don't know.
This is a step out from your lemon for sure.
The lemon is for my dead dog.
I thought you were a joke.
No.
Um,
And you don't mean anything to you.
The dog was my only thing.
All right.
Let's move on.
Uh, this one I'm really excited about.
Uh, do you know you can invest in crypto on Venmo?
That's new.
Uh, I've been doing NFTs recently.
So I actually just learned your, your $400 into Bitcoin.
What?
I was able to lose 30 bucks right off.
That's funny.
That is funny.
We need more shit like that from Mike today.
Here we go.
I forgot how long my song was.
And now it's just the school photo of some person.
Welcome to Mint or Nah.
Speaking of NFTs.
So NFTs were explained to me on my knees recently.
And I finally got it.
Any one of us could print a photo of the Mona Lisa right now.
And yeah, we could be like it's the same for photo.
But you don't own the original.
I'm the proud owner of a gray boy NFT and a sad cat.
I hate those.
And you could print that or save the JPEG, but it wouldn't be yours.
It's mine.
Are you just learning this now?
I knew that.
But I, the Mona Lisa one was pretty key for me.
So I thought that we could kind of get in on the NFT game because people are making
thousands of dollars.
The meta versus Nye.
So I thought we could look at a couple of JPEGs and we say whether or not we're going to mint
them, mint them being turning them into NFTs.
So this is Mint or Nah.
Not for cash.
Not a game.
Just a discussion piece.
First of all, you got this image from worldwideinterweb.com.
It says.
And that would be part of it.
But I don't think you can just mint other people's photographs.
Okay, then we'll have fucking who does the art for the shows these days.
First and last name.
Grayson.
Yeah, Grayson.
Grayson wise will be an artist.
Okay.
And he'll, you know, take this as inspiration.
Turn it into something original.
We'll mint it.
So do we mint this or not?
Who is this?
I don't know.
There's, I think there's, there's to me.
There's something here.
We're playing on the nostalgia.
Yeah.
Full photo.
Exactly.
You can, there's everything that is that gets people fucking hard for NFTs.
Yeah.
You know, the, the changing the background.
So like, maybe a rare trait is there's lasers back there instead of the blue.
Yeah.
You know, all these things can be interchanged.
I will mint this.
Yeah.
You will work with Grayson.
I will be cutting you out.
And what have school photos?
No.
And if, yes, yes.
On the open sea, this after fucking noon.
Thank you.
Holy idea.
I actually do think it's going to see.
I was, I was just like, I was like rolling with this.
That's so, I was rolling with the bit.
That's so harsh.
I don't really.
Because like, you don't have to like me personally or what I do, but useless.
I don't really think that.
I was just role playing was like, you guys, maybe we just do turn the rest of this into wax.
And I'll turn my camera off.
All right, next one.
So I call this sour.
This kid looks, this looks like Micah.
This is what Micah looked like as a baby.
Just to white.
What I don't like about this and why I'm going to say not is like the slight v-neck.
Why did you put it on that?
Because the sour, the project would be sour and empty or like sour apes or some shite.
Hmm.
Not enough there there for me to be involved.
You know, I originally said, no, the school photos and NFT project.
I'm back in on that.
See how bad the next one was.
They do regret not going in on the first one.
So Jacob, whatever you need.
Cool.
Yeah, we're trying to cut Jeff out.
So actually, if you could liais with grays,
that's really nice.
But I'd like to kind of stay C seed slash wise.
So if you could see me on the email to wise, that'd be great.
You will be BC seed because you want to get my eyes off of it.
Yeah.
And it'll be under the guys of not keeping me not unwise.
But actually, the guys would be getting my eyes off of it.
And being like, well, we don't want to crowd Jeffs and bucks.
But guess what, there's not much in there.
Yeah.
So sour.
Are we saying, mentor?
No.
All right.
Yeah.
No.
On the douche.
I thought it could be douche NFTs.
Yeah.
You need, I think that I don't really know very much about NFTs.
But I feel like for people to get it, they need to be like trading cards almost.
They need to have unique features.
And again, I'll say, there's not enough there there.
It's kind of like a, it's kind of like a do shop if you think about it.
It's like the ready made art.
Like the, I don't know, if it were a real piece of art,
I'd be down.
But I hate NFTs.
So I'm going to answer not to anything.
Yeah.
That's what made me think of it.
That's really good.
Thanks.
Yeah.
But we're seeing not minting less.
A rise in popularity of women owned projects, women created women artists.
Congrats to them.
And a few are stupid.
Next.
Oh, John.
So a few different people with John this.
Yeah.
Don't zoom in.
I actually, I, I had a project that was a lot like this.
Yeah.
To do hobos and I lost a lot of cash.
I lost a lot of money in the last week.
I was up and down down until I sell.
But the thing with NFTs is that nobody wants it.
It's worth it.
They don't come back.
Yeah.
The market is flooded.
It's also dumb.
I would.
We should actually start explaining what these images are for the audio podcast.
Oh, yeah.
It was a kid sucking on a lemon followed by.
I, uh, a curge.
Yeah.
I think a mannequin project.
I think a mannequin chain.
Yeah.
Johnny might be able to help us out with this one.
Is that a Johnny could pull this off?
I think on his birthday, which we should say is August 12th.
Uh, she should wear this.
Yeah.
I think I could pull it off.
But again, how is that?
And then F.T.
It views.
I'm not that separately.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Um, and then there's this old man with John this, but he, he's not letting him face him.
He's still living his hashtag best life.
This team was great.
Though his teeth are so white.
Well, by comparison.
Yeah.
I wonder if he's all yellow.
Oh, that's good.
Thank you.
Um, we should say that this, he's actually, I cropped this, but this is him at Coachella.
Oh, that's nice.
Weekend two, but still.
Yeah.
How sink is this?
I do cut it.
Just a do cutie for us.
I don't whimmers body.
There's, I hate to say it again, but there's not enough there there.
Unless we're talking to motorbikes.
And then maybe, because then we have like, you know, you got a side car.
You have a chopper.
But then I think there's actually too much there there.
Yeah.
I would say this is almost like a distraction.
You just started looking at choppers.
Why?
Yeah.
How about a motorcycle gang NFT project?
I was a different person in the gang on a didn't like.
I like here's what I, here's what I've pitched on that.
It's all just their back leather jackets.
That's a really good.
Yeah.
It's just, it's like a motorcycle art on the leather jacket.
And yeah.
Now I'm in because it was my idea.
And I love it.
All right.
So that's mint.
Like a me, me, you and Grayson could probably enjoy it on that.
Yeah.
And we'll cut you in.
You don't do anything.
I don't.
That's a game in this.
Yeah.
You don't have to contribute anybody.
But we're just going to make you a passive investor.
Yeah.
We just want to give you cash if it works out.
And can you make me a massive give you a surprise.
Jeff, you can buy these on an open sea in four hours.
And Jeff, we'll keep you.
We'll keep you as like a be like a carbon copied person who knows about the project.
And it's like a scene.
And it's not part of it.
You can be part of it.
I want to be clear about that.
That you're not part of it or shit.
You can get in on the floor.
Yeah.
At that floor price.
So I can mint it.
You can buy one for five at area.
Five is the floor price.
That's right.
That's insane.
These are genuine pictures of leather jackets.
The leather's not genuine.
It's digital.
Yeah.
That's a picture.
All right.
Back more John this.
What if it's just John dice.
J-A-U-N-D-A-E-Y-E-C-E.
I think there's the eye.
Doing an eye-based project is a little too obvious.
Or should I say, uh, bias.
That's really obvious.
That's good.
I was.
The key is to make people eye-nevis.
And they wanted.
Is the idea behind all of these that they are art?
Like.
How we're considering all of these images.
That is like the idea.
Because we have an arch in a lot of like NFT YouTubers and shit.
And like it is funny to me when they're like, and like when you're buying them, like make sure you're,
your, your buying arts art.
So make sure you like, like pick one you like.
And I'm like, they're all bad.
Yeah.
That's a good to see.
That's my biggest problem with NFT's.
I think I at least think of them as assets.
Like not necessarily like stock, but not necessarily like art.
Yeah.
That said, I have only ever invested in crypto Hobos and lost all of the cash that I did it with.
So I don't have my handle on this world.
And I think that's good.
I think it's fine.
I'm just trying to imagine a world where I like walk into a gallery.
And all of these are on the wall.
And I.
That's more fun.
It'll be.
It'll be in the metaverse.
Right.
Yeah.
I think you're like comparatively like that.
That's a better experience to me than wherever these are.
Yeah.
But everything.
Everything.
Yeah.
I think you like comparatively like that.
That's a better experience to me than wherever these are.
Yeah.
But everything.
Everything.
Whatever the entrance fee is.
All right.
Some kind of NFT project.
Probably.
And that seems like a nicer way to do it.
It's like it's almost the equivalent of like I can't buy an original, but I could buy a print.
I can't buy an original, but I could buy a digital NFT.
So yeah.
But that's like what?
What?
No.
It's my favorite artist.
My favorite visual artist is Matt McCormick.
And if he had an NFT project, I would get in on it for sure.
Well, it was also probably due well because it's Matt McCormick.
Is it just like the, but then is it like the idea that you're, you own stock in.
Yes.
This thing.
I think that's not the artist.
You could just buy a print if you wanted to enjoy it.
Yeah.
Um, internal.
This guy's.
Yeah.
Base planting on.
Come.
Of course.
That.
Wet.
Haha.
So.
No.
Yeah.
I wouldn't, wouldn't meant this obviously.
But if I saw it in a gallery, I think I'd laugh and have a good time.
Yeah.
There's something interesting about it.
Because the sign could.
I do, I'll, did you Photoshop this?
No.
I like that the, the caution wet floor has the, the, the, the shadow of the guy following in the opposite direction.
Haha.
This is hard.
This, it's like a mirror image.
It could change, change up that caution sign.
What's happening there.
You know, I think every, I think I'm going to mint this because every time it's someone
comedically falling in a way that seems impossible.
Hmm.
Like this guy, like, how do you slip this way?
And then that's kind of what makes it rare and interesting.
So I'll say.
I haven't gotten very deep in it, but I don't think anybody's cracked the code of making like
funny NFTs.
Yeah.
It is like some weird kind of like anime chip, like ugly art project to me.
If you can, if you could consistently make funny images, I would potentially invest in something
like that.
It's, it's funny because I was about to suggest that you do a Jake and a mirror NFT.
But, uh, so the academy tweeted, like, some stupid, like jokingly coy thing of like,
we're not actually asking who you want to host that this year's Oscars, but if we were, who would
be, I'm like nice.
But, uh, I said Jake and a mirror.
And my favorite brand of Jake and a mirror fan are the ones who stopped watching you
guys eight years ago.
And then, like, I'm TikTok sometimes on a mirror's TikTok, but like, holy shit, like, where did
these guys go?
And they're like, like, like, a couple of people respond to being like, oh, my God, you just
took me back.
So I think that's how you get back into the mainstream zeitgeist as Jake and a mirror's NFTs.
Do you want?
Yeah.
I mean, if it's making money, I feel like our core fans would not want to see us make
NFTs.
And the passive casual fans would not want to support us in a cash way for NFTs.
It basically be a project just for me, you and a mirror.
Right, there's other parts of NFTs, too.
Like, you can, you could sell an NFT and owning it means that you get to go.
Yeah.
A private show.
A dark city in like, right here.
Oh, that's, that's kind of nice.
That's going to tick it.
That's cool.
But also, you could just buy it.
Like, that's only a product of the fact that we created the stupid thing.
That's like exclusive.
If it was like, you could just buy and tick it to a cool event or like be invited.
Yeah.
But no one just wants to argue that it's, it's not at least stupid.
But just say it.
It's such a, yeah.
Like, you can't, people are doing it and it works.
And that's the, it is fucking crazy.
Yeah.
But that's what Gary Vaynerchek does.
He has, he makes hundreds of thousands of dollars every single, like,
moment of the day because people are buying his NFTs so they can get access to it.
Yeah.
I don't think that we're there.
Obviously.
I think Nicole.
But it would be his.
Yeah.
I think if I, I do think if I could, I would do that.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't shy away from it.
Monk.
Tony, Tony.
Tony Shaluob.
But it's kind of a shitty photo that clearly is just a fan took a photo with him
and then crop themselves out.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
I think not.
So I don't know.
Celebrities looking pretty normal.
Like that's what us weekly entirely is, you know.
Yes.
Um, this celebrities are just like us.
It's, it's fun to see a bad picture of a hot person.
Not the Tony Shaluob was ever like a hot guy icon.
But.
Or a guy con if you will.
I think he's poised to be the next 2G.
I think he could be bonded the week.
Tony Shaluob on.
Maybe a good bond.
I don't watch that.
All right.
Let's wrap this up.
I'm in a running over.
All right.
I'm going to say no.
But I appreciate that you are taking it.
This next one I'm really excited about.
Is that it?
It's.
Oh, it's an old photo of Marie.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
This is a, I think 14 year old.
I think around me.
To tap.
Doing a tap showcase in Boston.
Oh my god.
Look out.
Tense.
I've never seen her like this.
That's just an angle of Marie.
I've never seen either.
It's a joke.
It's a weird thing.
I feel like.
I've just been staring at Marie on the zoom for two years.
Yeah.
This is like if Marie goes on dancing at the stars.
And she like everybody's keeps voting.
She's voting her back week to week because of how serious she's taking the show.
I mean, even her.
Her paired professional dancer is like, you sure you want to keep staying here for another two hours.
She's like, yeah, let's just keep going.
And then she gets home and keeps dancing.
And I know like, holster to you, sure.
Low rise jeans.
No cuff.
The wig for sure.
Yeah.
It was part of the Boston tap company.
Uh, one of the first original members.
Huge of true.
Yeah.
Pretty big deal.
I'm going to say no, but I appreciate your dedication to the craft.
That's rude to include this photo.
And then not fucking share.
All right.
We're going to hashtag stop the steal and hashtag stop the share here.
Screen wise.
But um.
Wait with this song again.
Yeah.
Um.
Let's wrap things up by just a quick discussion of Jason Mamo and Lisa Bonay's.
So sad.
Yeah.
17 years.
So two years.
And it's gone for not.
And don't give me that shit.
It's better to have loved and lost than to have never loved it all.
It's a wash.
They're very.
And wash.
Yeah.
Kids.
They have.
They have an amazing stage.
Not richy.
But fun.
Yeah.
You do it for sure.
Really sad.
Very sad.
What I do want to take issue with is the way Mamo posted about it.
On Instagram.
This is something that really bothers me about celebrities.
They think that because their famous.
punctuation goes out the door.
He was putting cameras at the beginning of sentences and littleshiglies.
It was like, I'm like, just right, ah you just use normal grammar and the punctuation.
You don't have to make it offensive and unusual.
I don't like when celebrities do that.
It's so small.
That's such a shit.
Yeah.
We literally didn't do this.
It was also like, his cool enough and weird enough.
Did I baseball like?
Like, it comes from the side.
Is that specifically a celebrity thing
or do people just do it and you go this way?
People just do it and you notice one celebrity is doing it.
Maybe I have noticed that celebrities have the most insane
grammar as well.
I just wouldn't use this podcast as a platform to call that out.
It's like, I mean, but what I,
it's the flip side of that coin, though,
is like when I love when, especially a young celebrity
posts like grainy bad photos to their Instagram grid,
but they're famous, so the photo of them carries weight.
So like Diana Silver's will post like a fucking photo
of her in the background of a party.
And she's barely in focus, but it gets like 100,000 likes
because it's fucking Silver's.
So you're just, yeah, you're just jealous.
I don't know that is either, but she's on space force.
And she's to date Dominant Fique,
fought fake.
I don't know who that is.
This is crazy.
Date from Derek.
No.
Dominant Fique, like the, he's the artist.
He's an amazing artist.
He did three nights at the motor.
Oh, nice and straight.
Lights in the city of Paul's.
And then he did the kiss of Venus.
You were like the first one.
Yeah.
All right, plugs.
Let's get it over with, not only the plug segment,
but this entire episode.
I've had a nice one.
I don't know if it's going to be good for other people to listen to.
But Marie, I would have gone on what do you want to, sorry.
It's over the plug.
It's nice.
It's fine, because I was looking up,
trained for you out of who I was thinking of.
Yeah, plugs.
Yeah, plugs, why is, boy, boy, what's happening?
New podcast, enemies, dropping the trailers,
probably dropped by the time this came out.
So go check it out with Liza Trigger.
Should be fun.
Subscribe to the FRE YouTube channel,
subscribe to the Keeping Records YouTube channel,
which also should have just launched when this came out.
Same day.
Watch those video episodes.
Um, yeah, follow me on Twitter and Instagram,
and letterboxed at Marie Galen.
Micah.
Hello, live Climbs Rocks.
Yes, the Grams.
Nice.
Very good.
Do you want to explain what it is?
Yes, do you want to be with it?
My girlfriend started a rock climbing account,
where she posts videos and photos of her
tearing it up on the rock wall.
She's been climbing so much less time than me, Micah,
and she's better than both of us.
Yeah, six months, right?
Wow, really.
Something like that.
Yeah, she's really good.
I saw that when I assumed that you met her climbing
or something like she was like,
they're all the same place.
And we just took her.
We took her to the gym and she took to it.
She's very good.
I'll second that.
I'll second live Climbs Rocks.
I'll also brothers Halcyon.
We're in a beanie right now.
Can I get one of those beanies?
Yeah, we'll get what color way do you want.
We got a green orange.
Olive.
We have olive cinnamon.
Nice.
Cream.
Can I ask you how you do this?
Like is it drop shipping?
Like are you just getting in from a whole sailor
and then marking them up?
No.
We're hand stitching these hats.
They're not.
So it is a drop shipping thing.
No, it's not.
Drop shipping.
We ship them.
Okay.
We manufacture them in bulk.
Damn.
How design them?
I stitched them in my mother's basement.
Did my hand every single hat with love and care to cover your hair?
And let's take the hat off because then you're going completely bald.
Male pattern bald moves.
Jagan, is your grandfather on your mom's side?
When he was alive or if he's alive, does he have a hair and did he have a hair till he died?
My mom's side.
He's dead and he had no hair at all.
Okay, so you're going to be bald from very early on.
We're bald early on.
We're going to go with that.
So in theory, you guys should be going bald.
But like shit.
I think I'm definitely.
I have hair past the point that he did.
So I feel like now the difference is you're in your 20s.
If you lose your hair, it's sad.
I'm almost I'm 30.
Jill, how old am I?
I'm so calm.
So the fact that I have hair at all is everything else is just gravy now.
It's all good.
I can coast.
That's a higher for you.
That's something that I am going to consider when I'm trying my life partner.
If I want to have kids is is her old man bald.
And if so, it's a deal breaker.
Because I want to be you.
By the time you have kids, though, there's going to be like surgeries and there are
yard surgeries.
Granting pill.
Granting for whatever.
Yeah.
Projects.
Bald.
It's an empty.
Well, this is all good insight.
I don't want to trail off and we're about to pass an hour.
So let's finish up.
That's part keeps code if you're worried, though.
Yeah.
Everybody stay golden.
Everybody say humble and check out Zaybar as if you're in the New York City area.
It's up to the upper west side of the style.
And I'll see you guys there.
We'll see you guys again next week.
Thanks for listening to this episode, I guess.
But, you know, we get the mad money either way.
No, we need the listeners.
That was a hit-dum original.